[v0] angular generator for gen2 angular sdk (#1389)
BuilderIO/mitosis: .changeset/healthy-toys-wait.md

---
'@builder.io/mitosis': patch
'@builder.io/mitosis-cli': patch
---

> Feat: explicitImportFileExtension now adds/removes .js extensions to all import files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feat: when `explicitImportFileExtension` config is `false`, `.js` extensions from all import files are `removed`.
```
